# A Computational Analysis of the Development of the \#HimToo Hashtag

## Abstract

The \#HimToo hashtag is a prime example of the Internet's fast-paced and viral nature. Until 2016 it represented a male who was also doing something. Then, until the emergence of \#MeToo, it had a political meaning. From \#MeToo on it stood for an Internet joke, false rape accusations, and male harassment support. In this paper, \#HimToo was broadly analysed from 2010 to 2020 by using sentiment analysis and frequent hashtags and uni- and bigrams. The findings confirmed all aforementioned different meanings of the hashtag, but also suggested that it is a counterpoint to \#MeToo, that its users are generally more negative than \#MeToo users, and that Trump supporters make up a significant portion of the users of the hashtag.

## Description

This repository contains the code of project for the LET-REMA-LCEX06 Text and Multimedia Mining course at Radboud University (2019-2020).

## Structure

This project has the following file structure:
- `data/`: contains the separated and combined tweets for this project.
- `img/`: contains the images generated by the code.
- `src/`: contains the following files:
  - `analysis.py`: contains the code for carrying out the experiments and analysis on the data.
  - `create_data.py`: contains the code for preprocessing the data retrieved with the [GetOldTweets-python repository](https://github.com/Jefferson-Henrique/GetOldTweets-python) (see data/README for more information).
  - `twitter_preprocessor.py`: contains helper functions for the preprocessing in `create_data.py`.